---
layout: post
title: "Is there Progress?"
description: "A month on, what's changed"
categories: [analysis]
tags: [progress,analysis,stats]
---
## Not much golf
I have been away for a couple of weeks so only just got back out on the course. Played a typically annoying round on Sunday. Lots of good shots, plenty of pars (5) and a birdie, but a number of doubles (6) and 3 blobs.

Blobs came from a hooked 3 iron which lost a ball, a thinnned bunker shot over a green and a duffed tee shot. The thinned bunker shot can be put down to bad weather conditions and so again 2 tee shots causing the blobs

The doubles were interesting, but mainly stem from dodgy tee shots:
1. Fatted short hook left
7. Tee shot wasn't great but actually my third which flew over the green into the scrub was the cause
13. Massive push off the tee meaning I had to chip oevr trees to the fairway and mucked that up
16. Pull hook into the trees on the left, lost ball
17. Good drive, approach was long and left into the crap behind the green
18. Topped the tee shot.

If I just take the doubles and make them single bogeys I played to 17, which I think is not too bad. If I turn the blobs into doubles I played to handicap.

So, focus on the tee game is still crucial. Get off the tee well and I am pretty much playing bogey golf or better. 

My lesson last week focused on opening the driver club face and slowing the transition. It feels good so more range time to cement the feeling and we should be on a path to clearing out the wasted shots.

