---
layout: post
title: "Divots in Durham"
description: "NOrthern FOrum Event"
categories: [analysis]
tags: [progress,analysis,stats]
---
## Enjoying my golf

It was the Mizuno Northern Forum event this weekend at Ramside Hall Golf Club in County Durham. It was a really fun weekend and I had some pretty good golf. The first round was very scrappy, 11 and 10 points but there were some good iron shots but generally some poor / topped tee shots again.

Sunday I decided to keep the driver in the bag and it made a big difference. I started with a topped hybrid on the 1st, going 60 yards forward, but followed that up with a sweet 5 iron, pitch to the green adn 2 putts for a 2 points! Getting 2 points on the first rarely happens and this made a huge difference, I relaxed and hit 18 points on the fornt 9. I had 4 3 pointers in 5 holes, the only blob coming from a shot into water rather than a poor tee shot. Hybrid off the tee was certainly not without flaws, still a few tops and slices but all recoverable, and that means I was on the green (or very close) in handicap regulation more often that not.

Back 9 started scrappily with a 6 for none on a tough par 3 up the hill. I think that made me lose focus a bit and I ended up wtih only 6 points form the first 5 holes, blobbing the SI 1 par 4 14th after having a 9 iron to the green for my 3rd. Pulled it left into the bunker and never got out, a complete waste! I finished off in handicap regulation to end up with 30 points, but boy did I enjoy myself!

Whats Next!  